Hi everyone,

A bit of an introduction here, I stumbled upon the world involving computers a long time ago but didn't quite go down that career path and ended up having my training as a pharmacist which I've worked as one for many years in New Zealand and Australia (while doing my postgraduate studies). My interest in the computer and data world was re-ignited from the end of 2021, after completing my PhD on using computer-aided drug design in small molecule discovery in 2020.

I currently work as a freelance data scientist, and I'm also an enthusiast in using Python mainly (and R to a smaller extent, and I did play with Rust a little) to work with drug discovery and development data. I'm still very much humbled by everything that is happening in the computational or digital chemistry, cheminformatics and computer-aided drug design worlds, as there are a vast amount of information, techniques and experiments to be learnt and absorbed. I also particularly would like to thank several well-known experienced figures in this areas, especially for their generous sharing of their knowledge through various means.

My main projects are pinned below and with the main one being my blog showcasing several different cheminformatics, machine learning and data science projects using various software toolkits. While sharing my work, I also hope that these work will help people, who are interested in these areas, to get started in coding and learning about the computational side of pharmaceutical chemistry and drug discovery. I'm currently still working on new projects, always trying to brainstorm for the next idea, and also open to any work opportunaties or project collaborations (contact details as shown on the left). 

Thanks for visiting.